
Domain Registration Auto-Renewal

At No-IP.com, domain names are registered for fixed periods and will be automatically renewed for one year on the expiration date of the service. Renewals will continue at this interval until You cancel the service. No-IP will automatically renew any domain name that is up for renewal, and will take payment from the Payment Method You have on file with No-IP, at No-IP's then current rates.
Renewal Reminders & Deletion Grace Period

Renewal notifications will be sent via email to the email address on file 30, 14, 7, 3, 1 and 0 days prior the the domain expiration date. If for any reason No-IP is not able to take the payment from the Payment Method You have on file, and You fail to respond to our notices, Your domain name registration will expire. Notices of expiration will be sent via email to the email address on file on the day of expiration. Additionally, Past Due notices are sent via email 1, 3 and 30 days after the expiration date. It is Your responsibility to keep current Your Payment Method information, which includes the expiration date if You are using a credit card.It is important that all of our email addresses are white listed and protected from spam or junk mail blocking and that there is a valid and working email address on file with No-IP.com so that customers can receive these types of communications.
Redemption Grace Period

If an expired domain name registration is not renewed as outlined above, absent extenuating circumstances, we will delete the domain name registration. Registry Operators may provide registrars with the ability to "redeem" a deleted domain name registration for a customer, and we in turn may (but are not obligated to) provide customers with an ability to redeem a particular domain name registration. Such a Redemption Grace Period (RGP) is not guaranteed and customers should renew their domain name registration services in advance of the domain name registration expiration date(s) to avoid deletion of domain name registration services. Currently, the Registry Operators provide an RGP for 30 days from the date of deletion. If we decide to provide the redemption service to a customer, we charge a fee of $150.00 US to redeem plus a renewal fee to renew a domain name registration during the RGP. If the domain name registration is not redeemed by the expiration of the RGP, it is then placed on "Pending Delete" status for five additional days, after which it is deleted and the domain name character string is then once again available for registration. In the event that a domain name registration is the subject of a Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy (UDRP) proceeding and expires or is deleted during the course of the dispute, the party that filed the UDRP proceeding has the option to renew or restore the domain name registration under the same commercial terms as the original customer. If the case ultimately is terminated or the arbitrator finds against the filing party, the name may be deleted within 45 days or renewed by No-IP.com or by the customer within the grace period described above.
